# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

A: There are two basic components of the trading cards: an image and text. Therefore one needs to incorporate both parts if one were to use the format. At the same time, the format is most effectively used when multiple participants are needed to gather or upload information. The de-centered information platform can incorporate de-centered ways of data gathering more easily, making the project cost-beneficial compared to analog means. Perhaps a researcher wanted to compile every instance of anti-government graffiti in the city of Hong Kong over a given amount of time. With this format, the collection and parsing of information can be delegated to other individuals/groups, which could be organized via digital media. In addition, each card would have on it a picture of the graffiti itself along with fields corresponding to where the picture was taken, the tag name, etc. 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certain amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

A: When it comes to digital projects like this, the number one responsibility the researcher owes to the participants is transparency. The researcher must be up front and open about where the data will be stored, how it could be accessed by either the researcher themselves, one's peers, or strangers on the internet. Unfortunately, in this age, information has become irreversibly commodified-- it is bought and sold on the marketplace, behind our backs. After the Cambridge Analytica scandal, it is no longer a question of whether private interests own your information but simply of how much. Therefore the researcher must do their participants service by being as transparent on data as much as possible. As for what rights the participants should have to the end product, it depends on the context. If what the participants do constitutes a major part of the work done, and if the final product makes revenue, it would be unethical not to pay them. If the participants only added, let's say, an e-mail to add to a list, then it would make little sense to include them in any sort of finished product. The cardinal right the participants should have is a negative one-- they should have the right to pull their contributions from the project at their discretion. 

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

Certain necessary fields would include: Title of submission, Transliteration of the Graffiti, Image, Location, Date, Photographer, and Context. The context field would include both historical and literal context. An example of the first would be perhaps an explanation of who Carrie Lam is and why she is unpopular in Hong Kong. An example of the second would be perhaps which building the graffiti was spray painted on and why it is significant. One possible limitation is just that these fields are too narrow for something as creative as graffiti. There are many examples of graffiti using its physical surroundings in a way that can't be well-explained using the fields outlined above. Furthermore, certain philiosophies of political expression, such as détournement, make the expression more difficult to typify. This is why the image is essential for this case. 
